Promote project in group
If you intend to promote your Pinksale presale,  keep it short and precise, and use the following template to avoid your message being deleted:

Name of project:
What project is about:
Presale link:
Website:
Telegram:

Note that you can only shill once in 12 hours.

Reminder: If someone DMs you claiming to be from Pinksale’s team, block and report immediately. Admins don't DM first. We don’t call either. Please ask all questions here. ❗️Pinksale is a decentralised platform, just like Pancakeswap. 

Decentralised platforms are accessible by anyone in any part of the earth. There is no control over who launches or lists on decentralised platforms. 
There is no authority, no police, no judge. 
If you lose your money there is no refund, because there are no insurances. 
You could choose well and be fortunate and end up with a token that does 100x, but you also could lose everything you invest.
If this makes you uncomfortable, and that’s absolutely fine, please trade on centralised exchanges such as Binance or Coinbase, or stick to Traditional finance.

When you buy into a Presale, the Presale has to end first - after the sale ends, it has to be finalized by project owners to activate the claim button and enable you claim tokens - once it's finalized, connect your wallet to the Presale link. you'll find a claim button. click and claim your tokens - after Claiming tokens, add the contract address to your wallet to view tokens.. 

kindly join the project telegram chat and Inquire about the exact claim time

Investors can very quickly form an idea of whether a project looks legit or not by checking the KYC and audit badges, the amount of locked liquidity, whether the Antirug system was used and by looking at the tokenomics pie chart. All these are clearly visible on the presale summary page. 
If we have any evidence of scammy code or malicious intentions  (unlocked wallets or deleted telegram channels aren't considered  proof)  on the part of a project, we will try to delete the pool. 
In the future, Pinksale will add more features to increase investors’ ability to make sound decisions. However, investors still need to do their own research, as this is a decentralised platform and we can’t do it for you.

When I'm looking for investments I check the Tokenomics to make sure all tokens are accounted for, not too many are unlocked, are the team kyc/doxxed, is anti-r u g being used, are team tokens vested,  active tg chat. Always smart to DYOR 👁👁 And always make sure you are on pinksale.finance and not a phishing site with a similar sounding name 

Presale failed - Meaning that softcap is not reached within the stipulated time frame and BNB is claimed back by the investors.
